Starting arh
The ground bo shape
bo simi; then the deep on top is orr-orr one


“On light leh”; then got light
then dark he say is Night. Got evening
got morning
so first day.

“All the water in between must have dua lobang
so then the dua lobang can separate some water and other water
then divide the downstair water from the upstair water; like that lor
Got evening
got morning
so second day.

“All the zhui under the sky must go one place
then the dry land can come out”; then like that lor
then all the water is call Ocean


“the must got chao
herb also put out seed
and fruit tree must have the fruit come out sama sama
the seed some more hor inside one
on the earth”; and so like that lor. And so now got chao
herb also put out seed like its kind
and the tree put fruit
the seed inside one like its kind
So evening and morning
third day liao.

“The sky hor shine light must different at night and day; and must signal and got seasons
and got days and got years; and like lights in the sky give the light to the earth”
and the not so kiang light rule the night lor
The stars also he make one
and to rule over the day and over the night
and to divide the light from the darkness
So evening
morning
fourth day.

“Let the water inside jin zui all kind of living thing
and let birds fly in the sky
with which the waters wu yi lang
according to their kind
and every winged bird according to its kind
saying
“Multiply zueh zueh
and fill all the ocean
and let birds multiply on the earth.” So evening and morning
fifth day lor.

“Let arh bring the living creature look like that: then the cattle and creeping thing plus the beast
also like that”; and then liddat lor
cattle like that
and hum pah lang that creeps on the like its kind


“I make lang look like wa nang; let them mm tim over the sea der ikan
over air der bird
and oso the cattle
over all the and creep on der hum pa lang
then tell them
“Be fruitful and seng zui zui kia; fill the and subdue it; have dominion over the fish of the sea
over the bird bird in the air
and over every living thing that moves on the earth.”

“See arh
wa give you every herb that bukka seed which is on the face of all the
and every tree whose fruit yields seed; you go and eat ah. Also
to every beast of the
to every bird bird of the air
and to everything that creeps on the
in which there is life
I also already give them green herb to eat”; then liddat lor
and indeed it was steady pom pi pi. So the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
very big project lor. Finally on the seventh day work zoh wan already
so he lim kopi and kiao kar on the seventh day
because he rested from all the work he do ma


This is the story of the dua lobang and the when they were created


Now bo cao come out on the and qiu zang haven come out yet
but water come out of the tor ka and cover ebbrything
and then he become alive.

Now
hor
In the middle of the garden were the tree of life and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil


where got gold
The gold there very zai


“You want to makan from any tree in the garden
can; but you must not makan from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil
otherwise confirm mati kiao.”

“The da por by himself not good. I will make someone to dao ka qiu for him.”

he bring to the man to see what he call them; and what the man call them
become their name. So the man give the name to all the livestock
the jiao in the sky and all the wild animals.

he took one of the bak kut
then closed up the place with bak
and he bring her to the da por.



“This is now koot of my koot

and bak of my bak;
she shall be called 'cha bor
'
'cos she was taken out of da por."
That is why man must siam his lau peh and lau bu
go combine with bor
and they become one bak.

and they buay paiseh.

(Now the cunning snake
) And he say to the woman

Then the woman say to the snake
"he say can eat fruit from the garden tree lah; but then the fruit from the middle tree
"You cannot eat that one hor
cannot touch also
otherwise confirm die"

Then the snake say to the woman
your eyes sure open
know good know evil."

So when the woman saw the tree was good to eat
also steady (swee swee)
(and also make you smart)
she pluck the fruit and eat lor. She also give to her husband and he also eat. (Then their eyes both open
and they knew that they naked; and they sew fig leaves together and make themselves some clothes.)




So he said
"I heard Your voice in the garden
then I scared because I naked; I hide lor."

Then he said
"Who tell you that you naked leh? You eat from the tree I tell you don't eat from isit?"

Then the man said
"The woman You gave to be with me
she gave me from the tree
then I eat lor."

"What you do ah!?"

The woman said
"The snake bluff me
and I eat liao..."


"Because you did this

You kena curse more than all the cattle

(And more than every beast of the field;
You will crawl on your stomach

And you will eat dust

until your whole life finish.
And I will make you
and the woman become enemy

(And between your children and her children;
he will use hand wack your head

And you will use your mouth wack his leg.)"
To the he said:

"I will make alot more pain when you give birth;
In pain you give birth boy and girl;
(Your desire shall be for your husband

and he will command and in charge of you.”)
"Because you listen to your wife
and eat from the tree that I tell you 'don't eat from this and you eat':

("Cursed is the ground for your sake;)
In dust you shall eat of it all the day of your life.
( Both thorns and thistles shall produce to you

And you shall eat the herb of the field.
If you want to eat you must work until sweat jialat jialat.
until you "up lorry!"

For out of it you kena pluck;
For dust you are

And to dust you confirm plus chop will go back.”)
because she was the mother of all living creatures.

and give them cloth to wear.

"See lah
the man go become like one of Us
also know good and evil. And now
if later he go put out his hand and eat from the tree of life
and live forever

jialat


and a flaming sword that turn left turn right
to block the way to the tree of life


This guy everything do damn swee one
never bluff or cheat people
stay away from pai kia that kind. This man so swee until got ten chew-ren
seven ta-por three cha-bor. Some more
he so swee until got k kambing
k desert cow or camel
k of kerbau
chabor donkey
and as if not enough his family
servants
whole house all damn alot until the whole East side also know he is damn tok kong.

And then ah when his sons they at home throw big dinner
when it come to their turn will jio the three sister go and makan with them. They eat finish
drink finish
mabok finish liao
each son each daughter is one times offering
got do bad thing


Okay
then got one day
ka-kia
"I jalan from the one side to the other side
jalan here
jalan there
jalan until come here lor."

"Eh you got hear before my lao cheow
wah I tell you the whole world also don't have this kind of man so swee
never bluff or cheat people
stay away from pai kia that kind. Got hear not?"

"he so respect you for what? You for so long jaga him
jaga his family
jaga his kambing
kerbau
jaga his left side right side? Everything he do you also got bless
until the whole East side also got his property. Eh I bet with you lah
if now hor you go and touch his things
I tell you he confirm scold all the bad word at You!"

"Okay lah
on! All his things
now I give you to control; but only got one condition is you make sure he himself don't kena anything from you


"Wah lau just now when your kerbau working in the padi and the donkey makan next to them
wah sei they also tekan your servants with their parang; I damn heng escape to let you know!"

another one come and say

another one come and say

another one come and say
then suddenly got one big wind come from don't know where and kena your house left side right side
and then the whole house picak and fall on your children
and they si liao; I damn heng escape to let you know!"

he tear his clothes
he say:

"I born that time got no clothes
next time go back inside also no clothes. Sama-sama lah
"

During the whole thing
Tok Kong




he make me lie down on the padang; he bring me beside the zui.

he make my soul damn power; he bring me walk the jin tok kong road because His mia jin zai.

Ya
even I walk the qi orr-orr valley
orr orr place
see scary shadow
I also mian kia. For tao kay wif me. Taokay the walking stick and the cane protect me mah.

You put the table for me in front of those dun friend me one; You put the oil on my head; My cup spill already

Confirm got goodness and mercy follow me everyday sia. And I will stay in my laopeh house long long.

This one is cher words


Simi Ma Meaningless
“Simi ma bo meaning
” says the Teacher
“long zhong bo meaning!”

Work so hard for what? I come you go
you come I go
also still the same. Sun rises
sun sets
then chiong go back rise again. The wind here blow there like blow wind blow. Blow round round go circle. Rivers go inside the sea
the sea also lao zui
forever not full one. Then the water go back to the river then come out again to the sea go here go there. Everything also sian until bo wei gong. See so much also buay song. Wear how much also buay gao.

Last time thing also happen again and again. All happen before already la! Under the sun one got nothing new. Sometimes people say
“Eh here got new thing!” But actually is old one; bo meng gia is really new la. Last time what happen also we buay gi
next time people also buay gi what we do.

Cher Gong Wei: Wisdom also Sian
I
the cher
I chiong sua search for understanding
explore by wisdom long zhong things being done below the sky
Everything going on below the sky also I see
and really la


What thing do wrong cannot make correct. What thing yi lang cannot find back.
Then I say to myself
“Li kua la li kua la; I wiser than all my lau peh and their lau peh and their lau peh the lau peh. I more wise
more kiang than any of them.” So I chiong to learn everything from wise to siao and gong like sotong. But then I learn chase all this is like chase wind. Kee siao! Got what to catch!?

Make happy oso no use one
I said in my heart
“Lai
lai
I test you to make got fun or not; so enjoy happy lah”; but sure lah
this also no use one. I said of laughter—“Siao ah!”; and of fun
“Got do what one ah?” I look and look in my heart how lim jiu make me happy lah
how my heart be clever one lah
and how to do useless things lah
until can see what good thing people everywhere can do until they die one.

I make all the thing I do very tua liap
I oso got kee chu
and plant lots of grape lah. I plant the garden and plant trees all got fruit one leh. And then I make pond and water the tree to grow big big lah. I oso got servant
girl oso got
boy oso got
and the servant oso got born in my house one. Yar loh
I got a lot a lot of things lah
got many cow and many goat also I got
I oso take lah all the money
silver and gold
the special treasures last time belong to the king and from far far away place I oso got
girl oso got
boy oso got
oso can play all kind of musical instrument one
you know or not.

So I became very tua liap and so grand one
And I still oso very very clever one


My eye got see and I want
I take lorr. My heart want
I take and then I very happy lorr. I work liao so my heart got very happy; And this one ah
my hard work got give me a lot a lot very nice good thing lah. Then I look on all the thing that I do one hah
And on the hard work
wah
so much hard work lah; Really ah
all was no use one like chase the wind only
sien only. Work and work until want to pengsan oso got no profit one lah.

The End of the Clever one and the Stupid one'

Then I see myself and think
got clever or not
got gila or not
got useless or not; The man who come after the king can do what one leh?— Only what other people do oredi. Then I see clever one got better than useless one
like bright bright better than dark dark one. The clever man his head got eyes one
But the stupid man is walking in the dark dark one lah. Ai yo
now I know lah The same thing got happen to everyone lah.

So I kaki kong
“Got happen to stupid people one
Oso got happen to me
And then I got more clever one leh?” Then I said in my heart
“This one hah
oso very useless one lah.” People never got remember the stupid one and oso people never got remember the clever one lah
Everything now they all will forget one lah. The clever man how he got die? Die just like stupid man lah!

And then I hate my life
work until can pengsan oso still very sien one because everything is useless one like chase the wind only mah.

Then I hate all my work
work under the sun until can fainted liao ah
but after that I must give it to that one come after me. he got clever one or very stupid one I oso dono one? But I make one and I work one like so clever under the sun until can fainted one and then he will get oso. This one ah also very useless one. So I turn to my heart until very keksim one ah because work until can die lai dat still can very sien one hor. Because got a man who work got cincia gao gao one ah; he die oredi still must leave all the thing to other people that never work to get that one lah. This one ah oso very useless one and very very bad one hor. The man who work until can pengsan lai dat
and his heart got try so hard one ah under the sun
he got what leh? he still got very sad one lor
work until very sien one ah; at night oso very keksim cannot sleep one. You see lah
all is very useless one.

A man got nothing better but makan and lim jiu
and work oredi he can enjoy lah
Simi lang can makan
can know a lot of things
can enjoy a lot of things
This one ah is oso very useless one like try and catch the wind only you know or not


"Oi
diam ah
O coastlands
Let the people recharge their battery
Ask them come closer
then let them talk la; Come closer lah.

like the dust on the sword
like the bow cannot shoot arrow?

Who chase them and let them go by the safe way that their feet cannot walk one leh?

Who like action only and call everybody from the start and say 'I
am the first; and also the last I am he.'"

The land see already also hum (scared)
the world everywhere everybody also hum (scared); they come closer and look look see see.

Everyone help his friend
and also tell their brudder: "Oi
mian kia lah!"

can solder liao"; then he will use the kiap to kiap it
so won't fall apart.

" Eh
my servant
my friend de chew-ren

I call you from everywhere and tell you 'You are my servant
I choose you and wun throw you away;

I am with you; ai zai ah
I give you power
Ya
I will help you
I confirm support you with My jin tok kong right hand one.'

"See ah
all those who angry with you will all be paiseh; become like bo taiji and disappear.

Look for them also wun find them one - Those who buay song with you. Those who fight you will become like nothing like that. Jin bo simi no need exist lah.

Cos I
will hold your right hand
I help you.'

I help you lah

" Look ah
I make you become a grass-cutter
the teeth sharp sharp one; You go hoot the mountain then whack it until become small
and beat the hill until become chui.

You filter den the strong wind come blow blow everything away; Then you happy lor cos of your Taokay




"hear ah
you uncles

Listen ah
you all stay here one

Got anything like this happen to you all before or not?

Or last time your ahgong that time?

Tell your kia

And let them tell their kia

And let the kia also tell their kia







Mai kun liao la
you all lim jiu eh
and cry until jialat jialat

Cry until jin tua sia
you all drink wine one

Cry loud loud coz got wine somemore is new one

But then also not give you drink one
people take away

Got nation come and kachao my land orready

Wa power one and no number

The teeth like lion one

And the gigi like zhabor lion one

It kazhao my vine until so cui

My fig tree they also make until so cui sia

The tree the bark also take and throw away

Until the branch ah left white-white one.

Mourn until like some virgin wrap herself in sackcloth liddat

When she grieve for her young that time the husband

The offering ah by right got grain one got drink one




Whole padang cui liao

The ground dry until crack all over liao

The grain die until cannot die already

The new wine all dry-dry liao

The oil also laokui


Cry like siao
you all grow vine one

Grieve for the maipian and the yimi

Because the whole field the crop wa all kena hoot until die like fly

The vine dry up liao

Fig tree also die liao

What tree ah you tell me
pomegranate tree
palm tree
apper tree


Padang got what other tree don't matter — all dry up liao

Confirm the happy happy people

Now not happy liao
sian diao already

che yit eh see
you tell them ah


they say
“Ah buay tiam sia ah
”’”

he say


“Wah! Lu lang kia sui sui chu

Now ah

“You plant a lot liao
and got kiok little bit only; You makan
but still you are not full up ah; You lim jiu
but you all still chui tah eh; You all cheng sah
but still got cold one leh; And that one ah go out and earn money
Earn oredi but still put the money in the bag got holes one ah.”


Go and peh sua
kiok cha and kee chu for me
and then I will be very happy and you all can make me be very great lorr


“You looked for a lot a lot one ah
but you got one ah little bit only; and when you bring home liao ah
I blew it away
“Because of wa eh chu pua pua liao ah
but you all run to your own house one.

And then because of that ah
got no rain liao ah
got nothing grow one ah.

Because I called for no raining on the land lah
on the mountain lah
on the thing you plant lah and the jiu lah
the yiu lah
on whatever want to grow on the ground lah
on people lah
on the animal they rear lah
and on all the work you all got do one ah.”

the name still very pai tia pai kong eh lah
with all the people that are left ah


he say
“I oso with you
”





"So dun follow them. For Lim Peh know what you need even before you open your mouth and ask. So
like this pray lor: "Our upstairs the Papa


you want what confirm chop settle
both like your upstairs and over here like your upstairs. Give us our everyday loti. And close one eye our
and we also close one eye other people us. And dun bring us to what we tempted
but help us zao from evil



So finally
but on that day right
Lim Peh will tio sabo


After this
"Eh
but cannot do on the actual day of the feast leh
" they all say
"if not all the people sure kee siao one."


one auntie come to him with a vase of super expensive perfume
jin gui
jin pang
and pour on his head while he relac jack at the table.

they abit buay song. "Why waste until laidat?" they ask. "This perfume jin gui
jin pang
can sell for alot
then the money use to give to the poor leh
he say to them
"Why you come and kaypoh this auntie? She laidat do for me is jin swee one leh. The poor people will always be there one
but I won't be here forever
ok. When she pour the perfume on my body
is to prepare my body for my burial. I din bluff you
everywhere you go when they tell my story
confirm plus chop will got her name inside and also what she did for me."


you can give me what ha? Best offer hor
" So they quote him thirty piece of silver



ah? We masak-masak for you."

he reply
"Go to the city and find this man and tell him 'Cher say: My time come liao


Then when night time
While they eating
he say
"I din bluff you
one of you will sabo me."

Then they all damn sad
and one by one come and say "Huh
taukay
is not me right?"

"The one who later zim his chew into the bowl same time as me is the one who will sabo me
hwah damn jialat! Yi ka ho erm tang chud si ah."

the actual bao toh kia
said
"'Cher
not me right?"
"You ownself say one hor."

Then later while they eating
while saying
"Lai
jiak; this is my body."

Then he take one cup
he give to them and say
"Long zhong lim
I tell you all
”




"Tonight you all will leave me because of me
and the sheep will all run like siao."

But after I come back
"

"Even other people run because of you
I confirm won't la."

"I din bluff you
"just tonight
even before the rooster kiu kiu kio
you will already pretend you dunno me three times."

"Even if worst come to worst
I must die with you
I confirm won't do that one



and he tell them
"Sit here first
I go down there pray
then later part become very sad. Then he tell them
like can die that kind. Company me a bit can."

After they walk abit
he fall down until his face piak on the floor and pray
"Lau Pa
if can
I dowan to do this. But what I want not important
most important is what you want."

"Eh
"Watch and pray
so you won't easily kena tempted. Your head want
but your body cannot make it."

When he come back again second time
they all tidoh again
because they damn tired. So he ownself go and pray third time
saying the same things.

Third time he come back
he say to them
"You all still want to kun? Boh see kan liao
Lim Peh going to tio catch by all the pai kias. Kee lai! Go already! The one who sabo me lai liao!"


While he still talking
suddenly come. Behind him got alot of people all carry parang and tongkat
Now the pao toh kia already prepare secret signal with them: "The one I kiss right
is the correct one; catch that one
"Good morning
'Cher!" and kiss him.

"Kawan
you come is for what one?"

Because of this right


Keep your parang
"anyone who swing parang
one day will die from parang also
But then it won't be exactly like what they got write before about me
right?

But anyway
so it must be laidat



he go inside and sit down with the security guards to see what happen


But they cannot find anything
even though got alot of people want to come and bluff. Finally two people come.

and say "This guy say
'"

"How come you never say anything? This two people come and say you


"You ownself say
"But I say what is this: From now
"

tear his shirt and pants
and say "You talk cock! Need some more witness for what? See
What you all think?"
"This kind is must die one
" they all answer.

Then they all pui in his face
and box him with their hand. Other people also got slap him. and say
"Predict leh. Who whack you one?"


"Eh
" she say.

But he deny all that in front of everybody. "Li kong simi
I dunno
" he said.

Then he went out to the gate
but got another girl girl servant see him and say to the people down there
"

he again deny it
with promise somemore: "No leh
I dunno that guy lah!".

After a while
"You confirm one of them lah; your accent so obvious."

Then he start to kao peh all the bad word come out
and he swore to them
"I dunno I dunno! Everything I also dunno! That guy I don't know him!". Suddenly a rooster kiu kiu kio.

you will already pretend you dunno me three times." Then he go outside and cry until damn jialat.

Morning that time
when they tie him up


the sabo king
saying
“Alamak
”

And they said
“Our problem issit? That one your pasal now!”

then he go hang himself.

“Eh
this money we cannot put back into the treasury cos got people die over it
so is lapsap one.” So they discuss together and decided to use the money to buy the potter’s field to bury strangers in. That's why today
that field is call the Field of


the value of him who was priced
and gave them to buy the potter’s field
”

And the cheng hu lang asked him

“Ya
like you say one
but he stand down there diam diam
dowan to say anything.

“Eh
You got hear all this thing they trying to sabo You with anot?” But he still stand there diam diam
dowan to defend himself. The cheng hu lang chua tio.

Normally at the cheng hu lang's feast
he let the people choose one prisoner that he himself will pang chan to let go
So when they gather together


When he was sitting on the judgment seat
his wife send him message
“this Man innocent one
His daiji don't anyhow kaypoh. Today I kena jin zhuey jialat nightmare cos of him.”

The cheng hu lang answered them
“You want me to release who?”

The people say


They all said to him

“Eh why sia? he got do what bad thing?”

But they shout louder some more

he took water and wash his hands in front of them
saying
“Not my dai ji anymore. The blood of this just man is your pasal now
not my problem already.”

And all the people answered and said
“Steady! His blood our pasal and also our children's pasal!”



And they stripped him and put one robe which is ang ang in colour on him
They twisted a branch with thorns to make it macam like crown liddat and put it on His head
and they put one tongkat in His right hand. And kneel before him and make fun of him
saying
“Hail
and took the tongkat and hantam him on the head. After they make fun of him
they took the robe off him
put back His own clothes


When they coming out that time
which is mean
they give him drink sour wine mix with gall. But after he had tasted it
he don't like
so he dowan to drink.

and split His clothes between each other by tikam tikam. By that
they make a prophecy come true:

“They split My clothes among them
And for My clothing they play tikam tikam.”

Then sit down to watch over him there. And they put up one big big sign over His head saying the crime of what the people bao toh him for:



one on His right side
one on His left side.

People who passed by shake their head say damn jialat things to him
“Eh
come down from the cross leh!”

“he save others; but cannot save himself
If he come down from the cross
then we believe
’”



From lak tiam until the kau tiam the place become dark dark
why You pangseh Me?”

When some people standing there hear that
they say


The other people say
“Eh
”



Suddenly
then the batu all pecah


saw the earthquake and all this things
they suddenly damn hamji and say
“Wah

stand far far away see all this
also got the mother of  sons.

Eventing that time
he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth
then he go away


Next day
which is after the Day of Preparation
and said
“Sir
we remember when that deceiver was alive that time
he got say
‘After three days I will rise
‘he has risen from the dead.’ If liddat happen
jin jialat. This lie lagi worse than the first.”

“I give you guard
You also go and make it as secure as possible
sealing the stone and put people for guard duty.

he Kee Lai Liao
when the first day of the week just starting that time
Suddently ah
then he rolled back the batu from the door
and sit on it. His face bright bright macam like lightning
and his clothes white white macam snow liddat. When the guards saw him they dam hamji that they shake until macam mampus.

“Don't scared
But he not here oredi; he kee lai liao
like he say that time. Lai
I show you inside where he was laid. Now you all go tell his kaki that that he kee lai liao
I tell you one.”

abit scared but sibei happy
then they quickly run to tell His kaki the news.

So as they were going to tell His kaki that time
suddenly
then he say
“Mai kia
they see Me there.”

Now while they were going that time
They gather together with all the lau uncle to pakat
then after they discuss
they gave a the soldiers a lot of money
and say
“You tell them ah
’ If the cheng hu lang find out hor
don't worry
we will angkat bolah him so you won't kena punishment


When they saw him


baptize them in the name of my Lau Peh
teach them to follow all things that I teach you; I will be with you chin ku ku
even until end of the age



Got jin zhui lang want to tell the story of what happen like how last time people also tell us what happen. I also like that lah
some more all the thing that happen wa zai so I write this for you
so you also know what the 'cher teach you.


Last time Ah herod
follow his instruction law by law. But they all hor


When hor
When time come to burn hor
everyone all praypray outside.

"mian kia
your prayer we hear liao. Your bu will get ta-por
he come out everyone happy. he simi jiu ma buay sai lim
he also will make all the papa mama look at their kia and make all the paikia become pandai
"


not only that
All things he make one
dun have him bo simi made that was made. In him was life
and the life was the bright-bright of men. And the bright-bright shines in evrywhere orh-orh one
and the brack-brack catch no ball.


This tar por came to witness (like go court sompa dun bluff one) for the Bright-bright
that long zhong might belib through him. he was not the big Bright-bright
but was sent to say good-good of that Bright-bright. That was the true Bright-bright which gives bright-bright to long zhong coming into the world.

he was in the world
and the world he make one
and the world mm zai him. he came to His kaki-lang
and His kaki-lang did not resip him. But as many as resip him
to those who belib in His mia: who were born
not of hwee
nor of the will of the fresh
nor of the will of man



and we glaps His glory (not of Man U)
the glory as of the only begotten (means ploduce from bo simi) of the Lao Peh
glace and truth zui zui
"This One I last time say one hor
'he who comes after me is preferred before me
for he was before me.'" And of His full-full one we have all resip
and glace for glace
who is in the bosom of the Lau Peh
he has declared him (like when we declare customs one).

but don't have love
I become macam like brass or cymbals
king-kiang
king-kiang kio. And even if I have the gift of prophecy
and understand all the chim things and my knowledge jin kiang
but don't have love
I am nothing. And even if I give all my things to feed the poor
and give my body to kena burn
but still don't have love
I am still bo-liao.

Love eh sai tan and is kind; love won't jealous one; love is not ya ya papaya
is not hao lian; is not chor lor
won't selfish one
won't angry one
but will happy when got truth; tank all things
believe all things
hope all things
tahan all things.

Love won't fail one
sure fail one; if got tongues
sure stop one; if got knowledge
sure disappear one. Because we know things is zi-puah zi-puah one
But when got perfect come liao hor
all the zi-puah zi-puah kind of things no need already.

When I was geenah that time
I talk macam geenah
I understand things macam geenah
I think also macam geenah; but when I grow up become man already hor
I put all these geenah kind of dai zi away. Now is macam we see ownself in the mirror but blur blur one. I know things is zi-puah zi-puah
but then I shall know like I am also known.

Now must follow faith
hope and love
these three things; but the most kiang of the three is love.


What can see
hear and touch
That one beginning have one
you got hear one
you got see one
which was with the Lau Peh and got appear to us. We say loud loud to you what we got see got hear
We write liao then we jin song


Brudder with him and fellow brudders
then we talk nonsense and do not live out the truth. But if we gai gai in the light
like he in the light
his Kia
Like magiclean


but more tok gong


we siao one leh. Bluff ourselves one. Inside no truth sia. But hor if we say we buay sai liao lagi jia lat
he steady one
If we say we nothing wrong one
we maciam say he si sua anyhow bluff people and his word is not in us sia.


My sayang gin na
I write this one give you so that you won't anyhow do wrong thing. But if you all got anyhow do wrong thing
the Steady One


Test see you know him or not
We know that we confirm know him if we follow what he say. The one say
“I know him
” but never do what he say one is talk rubbish one
and he inside also rubbish one. But if you got obey his word ah
Liddat we know we are in him


Peng you
what I write to you is not a command baru come up one; is actually old old one
gu zha already got hear. This old old command is the message you got hear one. But ah this one also is a new command; its truth in him in you also can see
because the orh orh bo liao and the real light already shine until bright bright.

If got people say they in the light but then want to hamtam the kor kor
di di
jie jie
or mei mei ah
he still in the orh orh hi peng ah. People who love their kor kor
di di
jie jie
and mei mei
where they stay very bright one
inside nothing to make they all bua doh. But anyone who buay song kor kor
di di
jie jie
or mei mei is in the orh orh and gai gai in the darkness. They walk here walk there also simi ma kua bo
because is orh orh mah. Like shoot bird liddat.

All the gina
I write give you is because those things you anyhow do until chapalang one kena forgive because of his name. All the lau peh
I write give you


is because you know him who starting got one.

All the not so lao jiao ah hia ah di
I write give you


is because the evil one buay tong you already. All the gina
I write give you


is because you sio pat the Lau Peh.

All the lau peh
I write give you


is because you know him the starting have one.

All the not so lao jiao ah hia ah di
I write give you


is because you gao lat


you got what he say inside you


the evil one really buay tong you.

Dun anyhow love the world
Prease hor
don't go and love the world or anything in the world hor. If you love the world ah
buay sai love Lau Peh one. Because ah everything in the world—whether is your ba the lust
your bak jiu the lust
or your life the hao lian—is not Lau Peh come one
but from the world. The world and all this nonsense will si kiao kiao
Jin sui


Sayang gin na
Liddat we know confirm dia dio is last minute liao
They from us go out one
but actually they not our kaki. Because ah if they are our kaki
they will stay with us; but the zhao go out means they long zhong is not our kaki. Wah lau.

and you all very kiang
all know the truth. I write to you is not because you blur like sotong dunno simi si real thing
but is because you know and because truth inside don't have nonsense one
Those don't believe the Kia one also don't have the Lau Peh; those steady with the Kia also got the Lau Peh


Then you ah
you make sure starting you hear that one stay inside you hor. If liddat
This one he sompah to us—live long long


This one I write is about those want to make you gai gai halfway kena yi lang one (lost la). But you ah
so you no need anybody teach you
not geng one—just like it got teach you
must stay in him.

Now ah
sayang gin na
continue in him
so that later he come we can steady steady buay paiseh in front of him.

If you know that he tok gong
you know that everyone who do the sui sui things is born of him one. Sui!

Wah you see what kind of love Lau Peh give us
cos it dunno know him lah. Sayang
now we are gin na; and not yet reveal to us what we going to be
but we know that when he is revealed hor
we confirm will be like him
cos we will see him for real


means you never see him and dunno him.

Gin na
don't let people bluff you pls. If you do right things
Because liddat
then he can destroy the things


Why Love Important
You see carefully
this is how you can see gin na and the gin na: If they anyhow do things
sub sub soi
Same also those who don't love their brother
From the starting you already here that we should love one another
anyhow go and people - own brother some more! Why he him leh? Cos do things sibei evil but his brother one is kilat.

Brudder
don't chua tio if the world buay song you. We know that we kena pass from death to life already
cos we love all the brudder. Those who don't love brother one only steady with death. If you buay song your brother
is like maciam
and you know won't wan sui one.

Liddat we know love
cos he steady
die for us. So we also must steady
lay down our lives for our brudders. But if you got good things in this world
and you see your brudder very poor thing
and you shut up your heart from him like one kind bo xim
you tell me where got love in you?

Gin na
we don't just love with words
but our action also must steady. Like that then we know that we is of truth one
our heart inside steady before him. Cos if our heart say we no hope
everything also he know. Sayang
if our heart don't condemn us
Those things that you ask you will receive from him
cos you follow His zheng hu do what he say and do those things that he see already happy one
love one another
like he gave us

and he also steady with you. Liddat we know that he steady in us


xiang ah si read this loud loud


who ish the fayfoo(faithful) witness
the first born of si lang
to him who ai women and clear our pai seh doings by his blood
